<header id="achagmt">
# Stripe ACH Processing Addendum &mdash; United States
Last Updated: December 16, 2015. Previous versions and diffs are [available here](https://github.com/stripe/terms).
</header>

<section>
## About ACH Processing

This service allows merchants like you to accept payments from your customers over the Automated Clearinghouse (ACH) network.  You must get appropriate consent from your users prior to accepting payments via ACH and provide them with a clear mechanism to terminate your use of the ACH network to accept payments from them.  Stripe provides you with an Application Program Interface (API) and service to help you process ACH payments online. Your use of the ACH Service is subject to the terms and conditions below as well as the Stripe [Terms of Service](https://stripe.com/terms) (“Stripe ToS”).

While this is described in more detail below, there are a few important points to keep in mind that when using the ACH Service. You must:

* Abide by the NACHA Rules when initiating transactions and understand your role as the Originator of the transactions;
* Get appropriate and valid consent prior to initiating a transaction, particularly for any ACH debits;
* Comply with all applicable laws including prohibitions against sending funds to sanctioned countries, entities, or persons; and
* Maintain the security and integrity of any personal or account information you collect.

## Stripe ACH Processing Addendum

This Stripe ACH Processing Addendum (“Addendum”) is a legal agreement between the legal entity (including sole proprietors) that you identified on the registration page (“User” or “you”) and Stripe (“Stripe”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). The ACH processing services are being provided through an arrangement with Silicon Valley Bank (“Bank”), which will have access to information about your account and any transactions processed.

As used in this Addendum, the term “ACH Service” means the ACH processing services described in this Addendum and the [documentation provided on our website](https://stripe.com/docs/api)(“Documentation”).  The term “Service”, as used both in this Addendum and in the Stripe ToS, is amended to include the ACH Service in addition to the other services described in the Stripe ToS.

The person executing this Addendum on behalf the User represents that all of the information provided to us is accurate and complete and that they are authorized to agree to this Addendum on behalf of the User.  This Addendum adds to and, in some cases, amends the terms of the Stripe ToS and governs your use of ACH Services. You agree to the terms and conditions of this Addendum including the Stripe ToS, which is incorporated by reference.  Please read them carefully, as your use of the Service is subject to your acceptance of and agreement to this Addendum.

### 1. Relationship to Other Agreements

By using the ACH Service you expressly agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this Addendum, the Stripe ToS, and to any updates or modifications to either of those documents made by Stripe from time to time.  The Stripe ToS is incorporated into this Addendum by reference as it relates to your use of the ACH Service.  This Addendum contains additional terms and conditions specific to your use of the features of the ACH Service.  To the extent that there is a conflict between the Stripe ToS and this Addendum related to your use of the ACH Service, this Addendum will prevail.  Any capitalized terms that are used but not defined in this Addendum are defined in the Stripe ToS.

###2. The ACH Service

**a. Overview:**  The ACH Service allows to you accept and process payments via the ACH network from your customers for products or services you provide to them, or bona fide donations you receive.  The ACH network is controlled and managed by the National Automated Clearinghouse Association (NACHA) and member organizations.  In addition to this Addendum, your use of the ACH Service is subject to guidelines, rules, bylaws, and regulations established by NACHA (“NACHA Rules”) and any legal requirements applicable to your business.  You agree, to purchase and review the Network Rules on [NACHA’s web site](https://www.nacha.org/rules), and to comply with the NACHA Rules that apply to your business and use of the ACH Services.  NACHA may amend the NACHA Rules at any time, and we may amend this Addendum or make changes to the Service as are necessary to comply with the NACHA Rules.

**b. Verification and Underwriting:**  Your use of the ACH Service is subject to the verification and underwriting procedures described in the Stripe ToS.  We may, at any point and for any reason, require additional information from you to verify your identity, the nature of your business, or evaluate your risk.  Your failure to provide any such information may result in the immediate suspension of your account or the termination of this Addendum or the Stripe ToS.

**c. Handling of Funds:**  You authorize the Bank to hold, receive, and disburse funds in a bank settlement account when transactions settle from your customers’ accounts.  You further authorize Stripe to instruct the Bank on how your funds should be disbursed to you and the timing of such disbursements.  Stripe does not hold settled funds.  All settlement funds are held in a comingled clearing account at the Bank pending disbursement of the funds to you in accordance with the terms of this Addendum.  You understand and agree that you are not entitled to any interest or other compensation associated with the settlement funds held by the Bank pending settlement to your Bank Account.  Stripe will provide information through the Stripe dashboard regarding anticipated settlement amounts, but this information does not constitute available funds or a deposit or other obligation of Stripe or the Bank to you.  The information in the Stripe dashboard is for reporting and informational purposes only, and you are not entitled to access funds until they are credited to your Bank Account.  The transaction authorizations you provide to us in this Addendum will remain in full force and effect until the later of either (i) the closure of your Stripe account and termination of this Agreement or (ii) settlement of all transactions to you or return of funds to your customers.

The NACHA Rules do not allow you to process ACH transactions unless they have been authorized by the owner of the Bank Account.  You are solely responsible for verifying the identity of your customers, determining their eligibility to purchase your products and services, and acquiring appropriate authorization to initiate ACH debits from their accounts.  Stripe does not guarantee that ACH transactions will not later be subject to a Chargeback, Reversal, or Claim (as each is defined below).  You are solely responsible for all Chargebacks, Reversals, and Claims regardless of the reason or timing of each, and you are responsible for paying any all of these, including any overdraft or negative balance in your payments that may arise from a Chargeback, Reversal or Claim.

**d. Additional Obligations, Limitations:**  You agree to obtain the consent to debit your customers using the ACH Service in a form and manner in compliance with this Addendum and the NACHA Rules.  The Service may include functionality that allows you to manage recurring and subscription billing, and it is your sole responsibility to obtain your customers’ consent to be billed on a single and or a recurring basis (as appropriate).

You agree to (i) comply with the sanctions laws of the United States as administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Controls, (ii) not use the Service or any payment service offered by us to accept payments in connection with any unlawful gambling, unlawful internet gambling, or other “restricted transactions” under the federal Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 or any state laws, and (iii) not engage in any other [Prohibited Businesses](https://stripe.com/prohibited_businesses).

You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the products or services sold or purchased using the Service.

###3. Processing ACH Transactions

As used with respect to the ACH Service, “Chargeback” means a request that a dispute or refund request filed by your customer with his or her bank, your bank, Stripe, or the Bank to invalidate a processed payment; “Refund” means a request by you to return funds processed to your customer for a specific transaction; “Claim” means a challenge to a payment that you or your customer files directly with Stripe; and “Reversal” means Stripe or the Bank reverses the settlement of funds, or debits your Bank Account for a corresponding amount, after a transaction has been processed because (i) the paying bank requires that the transaction be reversed, (ii) the settlement funds were sent to you in error, (iii) the sender of the payment did not have authorization to send the payment (for example, your customer used an account number that did not belong to her), (iv) you received the payment for activities that violated this Addendum or any other agreement you have with Stripe or the Bank, or (v) Stripe decided a Claim against you.  The terms “Entry”, “Originator”, “ODFI”, “Receiver”, and “RDFI” have the meaning provided in the NACHA Rules.

You agree that you will obtain an authorization for each payment made as required under the NACHA Rules. You agree that you will not submit a transaction for settlement if you have not received authorization from the account holder that is current and valid or where prohibited by this Addendum.  You acknowledge the clearing of any transaction will not be a guarantee that the transaction may not subject to Chargebacks, Reversals, or Claims at a later date.  You agree that we may make Reversals when needed or appropriate.

Stripe will provide the information to the Bank that will be used by the Bank to charge your customer for the payment and to send the resulting payment to you.  The Bank will use ACH to provide this payment service.  The Bank will be the ODFI and Stripe will be a third party sender.  You will be the Originator of the Entries used to charge your customers.

You authorize Stripe to provide ACH processing instructions  to the Bank and for the Bank to initiate ACH debits and credits with you using that information.  You agree to perform all acts required of an Originator under the NACHA Rules.  You make to the Bank all representations and warranties that an Originator makes to an ODFI under the NACHA Rules.

We may establish exposure limitations for you, and you agree not to process excess of these exposure limitations.  The exposure limitations may be based on risk factors of our choosing, including aggregate limits created between Stripe and the Bank.  We may limit your ability to process payments based on risk factors that we may establish independently and in consultation between Stripe and the Bank.  These limits may include limits on processing volume, receiving payments from or making payments to specific parties, or any other limitations we deem appropriate.  We will inform you of any limitations on ACH debits or credits, under any applicable exposure limit.

You agree to be bound by all payment instructions provided by Stripe in your name or on your behalf.  This includes erroneous or duplicate payment instructions and payment instructions that were not authorized by you.  Stripe and the Bank are entitled to rely on and process payment instructions, and disclaim and have no liability to you for any error, or unauthorized ACH entries, provided the error or unauthorized ACH entry is not caused by our willful misconduct.

You agree to notify Stripe immediately if you detect an erroneous or unauthorized ACH debit or credit.  If you fail to notify Stripe within 15 days of the date of the transaction, we may assume that the transaction is accepted and you may be responsible for subsequent unauthorized transactions.  You agree to review all information made available to you by Stripe, including through the Stripe dashboard to determine if there has been error or unauthorized transactions.  You will not receive periodic statements to you, but the information regarding your ACH transactions will be made available to you through the Stripe dashboard.

You acknowledge and agree that, if an Entry describes the Receiver inconsistently by name and account number, or identifies the beneficiary’s bank inconsistently, payment of the Entry transmitted by the RDFI might be made by the RDFI (or by the Bank, in the case of an on-us Entry at the Bank) on the basis of the account number or bank identification number supplied by Stripe, even if it identifies a person different from the named Receiver, and that your obligation to pay the amount of the Entry is not excused in such circumstances.  You understand and agree that you are responsible and liable for any transaction if the information provided by you is incorrect or incomplete.  This includes but is not limited to provisions of incorrect names or account numbers, or misidentifying the recipient bank/RDFI.  Your obligation to pay is not excused by such errors.

You agree that any payment for any debit Entry, returned credit Entry or credit Reversal is provisional until the Bank receives final settlement for such transaction and that the Bank may delay availability of funds at its sole discretion.  Where funds are not finally settled to the Bank, we are entitled to and you agree to pay or refund the amount provisionally credited.  You agree that we may charge your Bank Account for the amount due.  We may refuse a request for a Refund at any time, including if we believe that there are insufficient funds in your designated Bank Account to cover Chargebacks, Refunds or Reversals.

You understand and agree that the Bank may hold any or all funds associated with a transaction if the Bank reasonably determines that there are inconsistent instructions regarding the transaction or legal order (including, without limitation, any claim by judgment creditor of yours, levy or other Legal Process, or proceeding in bankruptcy).  In addition to any legal remedies the Bank may have, the Bank may interplead, freeze or hold funds, or take other actions to prevent or reduce loss or risk to it or Stripe.

You agree to retain all documents or records as required by the NACHA Rules. This includes but is not limited to maintaining appropriate records of all transactions (including consent and authorizations for ACH debits) for a period of at least two years from the date of the transaction.  You acknowledge and agree that any such records must be maintained in accordance with commercially reasonable information security requirements that, at a minimum, comply with laws applicable to your business and the NACHA Rules.

You agree to provide a receipt to each customer for the purchase transaction that includes all information necessary for the customer to understand the nature of the purchase of any products or services provided in a manner consistent with the NACHA Rules and applicable law.  You must submit all transactions for processing within three days of authorization by your customers.

###4. Use of Data; Privacy

**a. General:**  You consent to Stripe's disclosure of your name and address, and information about the transactions that you process through the Service to the Bank and other service providers to facilitate our proving the Service to you.  You also consent to Stripe or the Bank using information provided to or collected by us as part of providing the Service for internal analyses and fraud monitoring, and using aggregated and anonymized data for reporting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Stripe and the Bank are authorized to comply with the Legal Process that we or the Bank believe to be valid notwithstanding any infirmity or error in the manner in which the Legal Process was obtained or delivered.

The [Stripe Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/privacy) explains how and for what purposes Stripe will collect, use, retain, disclose, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us. We may use any information, including personal information, to process payments and as otherwise provided in this Addendum.
 

**b. Customer Identification Procedures by the Bank:**  We are required to comply with laws intended to help the government fight terrorist financing and money laundering.  These laws require all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies businesses and persons we provide contract to provide services to.  The information you provide to us upon opening your account, including your name, address, date of birth, and other information, allow us to identify you.  All or portions of this information may also be provided to the Bank.  We may also ask you to validate information at any time by providing a copy of your driver’s license or other identifying documents.

###5. Service Fees

Except as expressly agreed upon in writing between you and Stripe, the pricing for your use of the ACH Service will be provided as described on [Stripe’s pricing page](https://stripe.com/pricing) (“Fee Schedule”).  These fees may include fees for Services (including Chargebacks), fees for cross-border transactions, and other amounts.  All fees charged by Stripe will be reflected in your [Stripe dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com), and you agree that Stripe has the right to deduct fees from amounts processed for you.

You are solely responsible for communicating any fees charged to your customers and agree to clearly communicate these fees in advance of charging your customers.  To the extent that you are passing along the fees for your use of the Service, you must accurately reflect any fees charged for Services.

###6. Indemnification

In addition to indemnification obligations under the Stripe ToS, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Stripe, the Bank and the affiliates of each, as well as the respective employees and agents of each (each a “Disclaiming Entity”) from and against any claim, suit, demand, loss, liability, damage, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to (a) your breach of any provision of this Addendum; (b) any disputes between you and your customers; or (c) your use of Services in a manner that is illegal, violates the NACHA Rules, or is inconsistent with the Documentation.

Stripe agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless User from and against any claim, suit, demand, action, or proceeding to the extent that such arises from out of or relate to the ACH Service infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties to this Addendum.

###7. Representations and Warranties

In addition to the representations and warranties of the Stripe ToS, you represent and warrant to Stripe that you will (a) obtain authorization for all activity initiated on behalf of your customer; (b) obtain consent from your customers to provide information to us as described in this Addendum and the Stripe ToS; (c) comply with applicable law and the NACHA Rules; and (d) not use the ACH Service in a manner that is illegal, or would be considered unfair or deceptive.

Stripe represents and warrants that it will provide the ACH Service (a) in a manner consistent with the Documentation Addendum and (b) will use personal information provided by you in manner consistent with [Stripe’s Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS ADDENDUM, WE PROVIDE THE ACH SERVICE TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY.

###8. Limitations of Liability

We are not responsible for and disclaim all liability for your, your employees’, and your agents’ (a) acts or omissions in providing products or services to your customers, or accurately describing such products or services; (b) compliance or failure to comply with applicable laws and obligations related to your business; and (c) providing customer service, notifications, or receipts, handling refunds or consumer complaints, or taking other actions related your business.

IN NO EVENT WILL A DISCLAIMING ENTITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, OR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR RELATING TO THIS ADDENDUM OR THE ACH SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ANY DISCLAIMING ENTITY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING, OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE, YOUR STRIPE ACCOUNT, OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN YOUR ACCOUNT WHERE YOU FAIL TO USE OR IMPLEMENT SECURITY CONTROLS THAT ARE APPROPRIATE FOR YOUR BUSINESS.

THE DISCLAIMING ENTITIES ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (A) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM USE OF THE STRIPE SERVICE; (B) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIRD-PARTY SERVERS USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (C) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF ACH SERVICE; (D) ANY SOFTWARE BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICE; (E) ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OR OMISSIONS OF INFORMATION, OR ANY LOSSES INCURRED AS A RESULT OF, RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE; (F) INFORMATION THAT IS TRANSMITTED USING STRIPE CONNECT THAT IS DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL; OR (G) ANYCONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS, THE DISCLAIMING ENTITIES’ CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES AND IN ALL EVENTS WILL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY YOU TO STRIPE DURING THE THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM FOR LIABILITY.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY ON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS. THE LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF THE DISCLAIMING ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

###9.  Other General Legal Terms

**a. Term, Termination, and the Effects of Termination:**  The term of this Addendum will begin when you register your platform with Stripe and will end when terminated by you or by Stripe as described in this Addendum or the Stripe ToS.  Termination of the Stripe ToS for any reason will immediately terminate this Addendum; however, any continuing obligations you may have (such as Refunds, Chargebacks, or other financial obligations owed to us) will be subject to this Addendum.  Reserves may also be held after termination subject to the reserve provisions of the Stripe ToS.  You may terminate this Addendum at any time by providing notice to Stripe provided you immediately cease your use of the ACH Service.  However, if you commence using the ACH Service again after such notice, you will be considered to have consented to this Addendum again.  Stripe may terminate this Addendum (a) if you are in breach of this Addendum and fail to cure the breach upon notice by Stripe; (b) upon 30 days’ notice for any reason; (c) if the you become the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition or proceeding; or (d) if required to do so by demand of the Bank, the NACHA, or under court or legal order.

Sections 3, 4, and 6-9, and all provisions giving rise to continuing obligations (including Section 2.d) will survive termination of this Addendum.  As stated above, the Stripe ToS governs your use of Services other than the ACH Service, so the termination of this Addendum will not immediately trigger termination of the Stripe ToS.  All obligations in the Stripe ToS will only be terminated when done so under the terms and conditions of the Stripe ToS.

**b. Governing Law, Disputes, and Interpretation:**  This Addendum is governed by the laws of the State of California (without regard to its choice of law provisions) to the extent not expressly preempted by US Federal laws.  The exclusive venue for any actions or claims arising under or related to this Addendum will be in the appropriate state or Federal court located in San Francisco, California.  ALL PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING INVOLVING ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE RELATING TO OR ARISING UNDER THIS CONNECT PLATFORM AGREEMENT.

Headings are included for convenience only, and should not be considered in interpreting this Addendum.  This Addendum does not limit any rights of enforcement that we may have under trade secret, copyright, patent, or other laws.  Our delay or failure to assert any right or provision under this Addendum does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  No waiver of any term of this Addendum will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.

**c. Right to Audit:**  You also acknowledge that where we reasonably believe that you have misused the Services or where your customer disputes are high by industry standards, Stripe or the Bank may be required to report your account as required under NACHA Rules.  You specifically consent to the fulfillment of the obligations related to the listing by us, and to the listing itself, and you waive and hold us harmless from all claims and liabilities you may have as a result of such reporting.

**d. Right to Amend:**  Stripe may amend this Addendum upon notice to you, which may be provided through email, the Stripe dashboard, or Stripe’s web site.  You agree that any changes to this Addendum will be binding on you upon notice.  If you elect to not accept any changes to this Addendum, you must (a) provide notice to Stripe and (b) immediately cease using the ACH Service.  Where no such notice is provided or where you continue to use the ACH Service, you agree that you are consenting to any such changes to the Addendum.

**e. Assignment:**  You may not assign or attempt to assign this Addendum or the Stripe ToS without the express consent of us in advance.  While we will generally consent to such an assignment where we consider it reasonable, we are not required to and will deny requests where such an assignment would violate this Addendum (such as assignment to a prohibited business) or would pose a material risk to us.

**f. Entire Addendum:**  This Addendum constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the ACH Service.  Except where expressly stated in a separate agreement duly executed by us, if there is any conflict between this Addendum and any other agreement related to the ACH Service, this Addendum will prevail. These terms and conditions describe our entire liability to you and set forth your exclusive remedies with respect to the ACH Service.  If any provision of this Addendum (or portion thereof) is held to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then it should be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

</section>
