<header id="br_tos">
# Terms of Service &mdash; Brazil
Last Updated: May 10, 2016. Previous versions and diffs are [available here](https://github.com/stripe/terms).
</header>

<section>

These Terms and Conditions constitute a legal agreement (“Agreement” or “Merchant Agreement”) between and among the sole proprietor or business entity or business organization listed as the “Merchant” on the Service registration page (sometimes referred to as “you,” “your” or “user”), Stripe Brasil Participações Ltda. (“Stripe”, “we”, “our” or “us”), as agent of Elavon, and Elavon do Brasil Soluções de Pagamento S.A. (“Elavon”), as acquirer. You must read, understand and accept all conditions set forth in this Agreement and other policies incorporated herein by reference before registering as user of the Service (as defined below).

##<a id="section_a"></a> Section A: The Stripe Service

### 1. Object

The object of this Agreement is the rendering of payment platform technology and processing services by Stripe (“Service” or “Stripe Service”) to you. Our Service helps you accept and process credit card, debit card, other types of card payments (collectively “cards” or “Cards”, each a “card” or “Card”) and other payment solutions from your customers (each, a “customer” or a “Cardholder”) in exchange for your products and services. Stripe is not a payment arranger or a payment institution and Stripe does not manage payment accounts, issue electronic currency or acts as an acquirer as defined by Law No. 12.865, dated October 9, 2013 and other applicable rules issued by the National Monetary Council and/or the Brazilian Central Bank. You hereby acknowledge that Stripe does not provide any kind of acquiring services, which will be performed by Elavon under this Agreement and applicable laws and regulations. In addition, Stripe and Elavon do not assume any liability for the products or services purchased using our Service. You will be required to register for a service account to use Stripe (see Section B(1) for further details). This “Stripe account” allows you to review card transactions that are in process of settling from a Card Network (as defined below) and us to your specified settlement bank account.

### 2. Our Software

We provide the Stripe application programming interfaces (collectively, “API”) and other software to enable you to use the Service. We reserve the right to require you to install or update any and all software to continue using the Service. Our Service also includes software to help you manage recurring and subscription billing charges for your products and services. It is your responsibility to obtain your customers’ consent, when billing on a recurring basis, in compliance with applicable legal requirements and, where applicable, rules issued by the applicable credit card networks (“Card Network Rules”, see Section A(14) for further details), and rules issued by Elavon.

### 3. Authorization for Handling of Funds

By accepting this Agreement, you authorize us to hold, receive, and disburse funds on your behalf when such funds from your card transactions settle from the Card Networks. You acknowledge that the funds referred to above will be held in an account held by Stripe with Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. (”Designated Bank”). You further authorize Stripe to instruct the Designated Bank in the way your card transaction settlement funds should be disbursed to you (such as by Transferência Eletrônica Disponível - TED or Documento de Ordem de Crédito – DOC) and the timing of such disbursements. You also agree that Stripe may hold settlement funds in a deposit account at the Designated Bank on your behalf pending disbursement of the funds to you in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You agree you are not entitled (i) to use the compensation associated with the settlement funds held in the deposit account at the Designated Bank to purchase any product or service or transfer these settlement funds to fulfill any other given obligation that does not necessarily relate to the purchase of product or service; or (ii) to any interest or other compensation associated with the settlement funds held in the deposit account at the Designated Bank pending settlement to the bank settlement account indicated by you when registering for the use of Stripe, that you have no right to direct that deposit account, that you have no legal interest in those funds or that account and that you may not assign any interest in those funds or the deposit account at the Designated Bank. From time to time, we may make available to you information in the Stripe Service regarding anticipated settlement amounts that have been received by us on your behalf from the Card Networks and are being held pending settlement. This settlement information does not constitute a deposit or other obligation of Stripe to you. This settlement information reflected in the Stripe management dashboard is for reporting and informational purposes only, and you are not entitled to, and have no ownership or other rights in settlement funds, until such funds are credited to your specified bank settlement account. Your authorizations set forth herein will remain in full force and effect until your Stripe account is closed or terminated as provided in [Section B](#section_b).  below.

### 4. Payment Methods

Stripe’s card processing service supports any Brazilian-issued card and most international cards with a Card Network logo including credit, debit or other payment instruments. Stripe will only process card transactions that have been authorized by the applicable Card Network or card issuer. You are solely responsible for verifying the identity of users and the eligibility of each presented payment card used to purchase your products and services. Stripe and Elavon do not guarantee or assume any liability for transactions authorized and completed which may later be reversed or charged back (see Chargebacks below). You are solely responsible for all reversed or charged back transactions, regardless of the reason for, or timing of, the reversal or chargeback. Stripe may add or remove one or more types of cards as a supported payment card at any time without prior notice to you.

### 5. Customer Service

Stripe will provide you with customer service to help resolve any issues relating to your use of Stripe, your card payment processing and use of our software, and the distribution of funds to your specified bank settlement account. You, and you alone, are responsible for providing service to your customers for any and all issues related to your products and services, including but not limited to issues arising from the processing of customers’ cards through the Service.

### 6. Taxes

The taxes of any nature related to the transactions provided in this Agreement shall be paid by the party to whom the law ascribes the responsibility.

### 7. Security

Stripe is responsible for protecting the security of Card Data in our possession and will maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical procedures to protect all the Card Data and personal information regarding you and your customers that is stored in our servers from unauthorized access and accidental loss or modification. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use such personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide this personal information regarding you and your customers at your own risk.
You acknowledge and agree that we may, at our sole discretion and at any time, make changes to such administrative, technical and physical procedures in order to improve our security.

### 8. Data Security

You are fully responsible for the security of data on your website or otherwise in your possession. You agree to comply with all applicable municipal, state and federal laws and rules in connection with your collection, use, retention, security and dissemination of any personal, financial, Card, or transaction information (defined as “Data”) on your website. You agree that at all times you shall be compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) and the Payment Application Data Security Standards (PA-DSS), as applicable. The steps you will need to take to comply with PCI-DSS and PA-DSS when using Stripe will vary based on your implementation. For more information about implementing Stripe, please refer to our Documentation. If we believe it is necessary based on your implementation and request it of you, you will promptly provide us with documentation evidencing your compliance with PCI-DSS and/or PA-DSS. If your implementation involves storage or transmission of Card Data you also agree that you will use only PCI compliant service providers in connection with such storage or transmission. In any event, you must not store CVV2 data at any time. Information on the PCI-DSS can be found on the [PCI Council’s website](https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org). It is your responsibility to comply with these standards.
You shall also comply with the data security requirements of the Card Networks, Elavon and Stripe.

Your data security obligations under this Section remain valid even after this Agreement is terminated for any reason. Non-compliance with your data security obligations, including through the acts of your officers, employees, agents and subcontractors shall render you liable for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe or Elavon.

### 9. Audit Right

If Stripe and Elavon together believe that a security breach or compromise of data has occurred, Stripe and Elavon together may require you to have a third party auditor that is approved by Stripe and Elavon to conduct a security audit of your systems and facilities and issue a report to be provided to Stripe, the Designated Bank, Elavon and the Card Networks.

If you suspect, have reason to suspect or become aware that any breach or compromise of data has occurred, you must notify Stripe and Elavon immediately.

### 10. Privacy

Your privacy and the protection of your data are very important to us. You acknowledge that you have received, read in full and agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy linked to and incorporated into this Agreement by reference, which contains your consent to our collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal information as well as other matters set forth therein and which explains how and for what purposes we collect, use, retain, disclose and safeguard the information you provide to us. Stripe and Elavon shall maintain the confidentiality of your data, except when disclosure, including to the competent authorities, the Ministry of Finance, the Brazilian Central Bank and the Federal or Local Tax Authorities, is required in order to comply with law, and in which case Stripe and Elavon may disclose all information requested regarding you and/or your data.
You also acknowledge that Stripe and/or Elavon are required to report your business name, the name of your principals and principals information to be checked with the Restricted listings required by Card Networks and/or the Brazilian Government, if applicable. You specifically consent to the fulfillment of the obligations related to the listing by us or Elavon and to the listing itself and you waive and hold harmless us and Elavon from all claims and liabilities you may have as a result of such reporting.

You further acknowledge that each of Stripe, Elavon, the Card Issuers and the Card Networks may share your registration information with each other.

### 11. Privacy of Others

You represent to Stripe that you are in compliance with all applicable privacy laws, you have obtained all necessary rights and consents under applicable law to disclose to Stripe, or allow Stripe to collect, use, retain and disclose any Cardholder Data that you provide to us or authorize us to collect, including information that we may collect directly from your end users via cookies or other means, and that Stripe will not be in breach of any such laws by collecting, receiving, using and disclosing such information in connection with the Service. As between you and Stripe, you are solely responsible for disclosing to your customers that the company processing credit card transactions will have access to and store Data from such costumers for the sole purpose of processing payments. Stripe will provide some or all of the Service from systems located within the United States or other countries outside of Brazil. As such, it is your obligation to disclose to your customers that Cardholder Data may be transferred, processed and stored outside of Brazil and, as set forth in our Privacy Policy, may be subject to disclosure as required by applicable law.
If you receive information about others, including Cardholders and their transactions, Card Data and Cardholder Data, through the use of the Service, you must keep all such information confidential and secret and may only use it in connection with the Service and under the terms of this Agreement. You may not disclose or distribute any such information to a third party or use any such information for marketing purposes unless you receive the express consent of the user to do so. You may not disclose card numbers to any third party, other than in connection with processing a card transaction requested by your customer under the Service, or if required by law.

In the event of any unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including but not limited to Card Data and Cardholder Data, by you including through acts of your officers, employees, agents and subcontractors, you will be responsible for reimbursing Stripe and Elavon for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe or Elavon.

Elavon may report to the Council of Financial Activities Control (COAF - Conselho de Controle de Atividades Financeiras) transactions which fall within the provisions of Law No. 9.613/98 and other money laundering rules, including its internal rules and policies.

### 12. Restricted Use
You are required to obey all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your use of the Service. In addition to any other obligations, requirements or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, you shall not: (a) utilize the credit available on any Card to provide cash advances to Cardholders; (b) submit any card transaction for processing that does not arise from your sale of goods or service to your customer; (c) act as a payment intermediary or aggregator or otherwise resell our services on behalf of any third party; (d) send what you believe to be potentially fraudulent authorizations or a fraudulent card transaction; or (e) use the Service in a manner that one or more of the Card Networks or Elavon reasonably believes to be an abuse of the Card Network or a violation of Network Rules (as defined below).
You also agree not to, nor to permit any third party to, do any of the following: (f) access or attempt to access Stripe systems, programs or data that are not made available for public use; (g) copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell or distribute in any way material from Stripe; (h) permit any third party to use and benefit from the Service via a rental, lease, timesharing, service bureau or other arrangement; (i) transfer any rights granted to you under this Agreement; (j) work around any of the technical limitations of the Service, use any tool to enable features or functionalities that are otherwise disabled in the Service, or decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the Service, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (k) perform or attempt to perform any actions that would interfere with the proper working of the Service, prevent access to or use of the Service by our other users, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; or (l) otherwise use the Service except as expressly allowed under this Agreement.

### 13. Suspicion of Unauthorized or Illegal Use

Stripe and Elavon reserve the right to not authorize or settle any transaction you submit that Stripe and/or Elavon believes is in violation of this Agreement, any other Stripe agreement, or exposes you, other Stripe users, Elavon or Stripe to harm, including but not limited to fraud or other criminal acts. Stripe and Elavon reserve the right to share information with law enforcement about you, your transactions, or your use of the Service if Stripe and Elavon reasonably suspect that your Stripe account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose.
You agree that Stripe and/or Elavon may seek to identify and prevent the practice of cards being used for unauthorized, illegal or criminal purposes and you undertake to cooperate with Stripe and Elavon by providing any information that Stripe or Elavon requests in this regard, failing which you will be liable for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe or Elavon, and the Agreement may be terminated by Stripe or Elavon.
You acknowledge and agree that (a) irregular or suspicious activity associated with your use of the Service or Elavon’s system as monitored by the Card Networks, Stripe or Elavon, or (b) the reaching of a specific threshold, defined by the Card Networks, Stripe or Elavon, of irregular or suspicious transactions, may result in additional fees, penalties, or fines being imposed on you, as well as additional controls and restrictions to your use of the Service, including without limitation: (i) changes to the terms of your Reserve Account; (ii) increases to your applicable Fees; (iii) delays in your Payout Schedule; or (iv) suspension or termination of your Stripe account and the Service, and you will be liable for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe and Elavon, including any fines imposed on Stripe or Elavon by the Card Networks. The Card Networks may also place additional controls or restrictions as part of their own monitoring programs for merchants with irregular or suspicious transactions.
If you undertake fraudulent transactions, this Agreement may be immediately terminated by Stripe or Elavon and you will be liable for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe or Elavon as well as other legal measures. You are also liable for losses incurred by Stripe, Elavon, the Card Networks, and/or the issuer caused by fraud or attempted fraud, including but not limited to, fraudulent use of the Service or Elavon’s system, the card or Card Data. Such losses incurred may be deducted from the amounts owed to you.

You shall guide and monitor your officers, employees, agents and subcontractors in the detection and prevention of fraudulent transactions and shall be responsible for all acts performed by them. In particular, you are responsible for all acts of your officers, employees, agents and subcontractors which involve fraudulent, unauthorized, illegal, or criminal use of the Service or Elavon’s system.

### 14. Card Network Rules

The Card Networks have established guidelines, bylaws, rules, and/or regulations (“Card Network Rules”). You are required to comply with all Card Network Rules that are applicable to merchants. You can review portions of the Card Network rules on the applicable Card Networks’ websites. The Card Networks reserve the right to amend the Card Network Rules. Stripe and Elavon reserve the right to amend the Agreement at any time with notice to you as necessary to comply with Card Network Rules or otherwise address changes in the Service.

### 15. Disclosures and Notices

You agree that Stripe can provide disclosures and notices regarding the Service to you by posting such disclosures and notices on our website, emailing them to the email address listed in your Stripe account, or mailing them to the address listed in your Stripe account. You also agree that electronic disclosures and notices have the same meaning and effect as if we had provided you with a paper copy. Such disclosures and notices shall be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time it is posted to our website or emailed to you unless we receive notice that the email was not delivered. Stripe is not responsible for any false emails sent by third parties without direct relation with Stripe and always recommends the verification of any information directly at Stripe’s website or by contacting us.

### 16. References to Our Relationship
You agree that, from the time you begin processing payment with Stripe until you terminate your account with us, we may identify you as a customer of Stripe, without any payment being due by Stripe to you. Neither you nor we will imply any untrue sponsorship, endorsement or affiliation between you and Stripe.

## <a id="section_b"></a> Section B: Getting a Stripe Service Account

### 1. Registration

The Stripe Service is only made available to persons in Brazil that operate a business selling goods and services that are authorized by Stripe and Elavon and that comply with the Card Network Rules.  The Stripe Service is not made available to persons to accept card payments for personal, family or household purposes.
You cannot, without our prior written consent, use the Stripe Service or Elavon’s system for activities which are not disclosed to us even where such activities are part of your corporate purposes as set out in your corporate by-laws.

To use Stripe for your business, you will first have to register for Stripe. When you register for Stripe, we will collect basic information including your company name, full business address, tax identification number (enrolment in the National Register of Legal Entities (CNPJ) and the Individual Taxpayers Register (CPF)) and the full name of the representatives of your company. If you have not already done so, you will also be required to provide an email address and password to access Stripe. You agree to maintain your password under your custody, provided that Stripe will not be responsible for any damages caused to you or to any third parties due to the disclosure and/or undue use of your password.

You may choose to register as an individual (sole proprietor) or as a company or other business organization. If you register as a business, you must also provide information about an owner or principal of the business and you declare that you are authorized to act on behalf of the business and that you have the authority to bind the business to this Agreement. In order to sign up a business to use the Service, you must agree to this Agreement on behalf of the business. If you have so agreed, the term “you” will mean you, the natural person, as well as such business.

### 2. Company Descriptions and Site URL

As part of your registration, you must provide your site URL (e.g. www.minhaloja.com.br), and the name under which you do business (which may be the business’s legal name or a “nome fantasia”). These fields may appear in your customers’ credit or debit card statements. To avoid customer confusion and transaction disputes, it is important that you enter a description that clearly identifies your business as well as an accurate site URL. You agree to indemnify us from any costs from disputes due to customers failing to recognize your business name on their statements.

### 3. Verification and Underwriting

To verify your identity, we will require additional information including without limitation parents’ name, nationality, date and place of birth, organization type, activity and date of formation of your company. We may also ask for additional information to help verify your identity and assess your business risk including business invoices, a personal identification document or other government issued identification, a business license, corporate structure information and ultimate beneficial owner. We may ask you for financial statements. We may request for your permission to do a physical inspection at your place of business and to examine books and records that pertain to your compliance with this Agreement. Your failure to comply with any of these requests within five (5) days may result in suspension or termination of your Stripe account. You authorize us to retrieve additional information about you from third parties and other identification services. Stripe may use your information to apply for card merchant acquiring accounts on your behalf with certain Card Networks.

After we have collected and verified all your information, Stripe will review your account and determine if you are eligible to use the Service. Stripe may also share your information with the issuing banks, the Card Networks and Elavon, which may also make a determination regarding your eligibility. We will notify you once your account has been either approved or deemed ineligible for use of the Service.
To determine if you are eligible to use the Service, we shall assess your business activities, the financial stability of your business and its partners, agents, owners and/or shareholders, any prior relationship you have with us, and any other financial analysis including criteria we may adopt at any time, including during the term of the Agreement.

By accepting the terms of this Agreement, you are providing us with authorization to retrieve information about you from and provide information about you to third parties, including but not limited to credit reporting agencies or bureaus and other information providers and you authorize and direct such third parties to compile and provide such information to us. You acknowledge that such information retrieved and provided may include your name, address history, credit history, and other data about you. Stripe may periodically update this information to determine whether you continue to meet our eligibility requirements.

You agree that Stripe is permitted to contact and share information about you and your application (including whether you are approved or declined), and your Stripe account with Elavon. This includes sharing information (a) about your transactions for regulatory or compliance purposes; (b) for use in connection with the management and maintenance of the program; (c) to create and update their customer records about you and to assist them in better serving you; and (d) to conduct Stripe’s risk management process.

### 4. Stripe Service – Brazil

By registering for Stripe, you confirm that you are either a legal resident of Brazil, a Brazilian sole proprietor of a business or a business entity authorized to conduct business in Brazil. You may not export the Service directly or indirectly. By accepting this Agreement you confirm that you satisfy these requirements and will continue to do so in connection with your use of the Service.

The Service is controlled and operated from its facilities in Brasil. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations.

### 5. Prohibited Businesses

There are certain categories of businesses and business practices for which the Stripe Service cannot be used (“Prohibited Businesses”). Most, although not all, of these Prohibited Business categories are imposed by Card Network Rules, Elavon or the requirements of our banking providers. By registering for Stripe, you confirm that you will not use the Service to accept payments in connection with any of the Prohibited Businesses or in connection with activities that are prohibited by any applicable laws. If you are uncertain as to whether your business is a Prohibited Business, or have questions about how these requirements apply to you, please contact us. We are entitled to not provide the Stripe Service to you where we determine, at our sole discretion, that you are engaged in a Prohibited Business or illegal activity.

### 6. Business Conduct

You will only accept payments through Stripe for transactions between you and your customer for the bona fide sale of lawful goods or services. You will not solicit or use a Cardholder’s Card Data for any purpose other than to process payment for your goods and services.

You will not, under any circumstance, request a Cardholder to provide a copy of their card as a condition to performing a transaction. You will not require a Cardholder to provide any declaration waiving their right to challenge a transaction. Any such declaration or waiver will be considered null and void for the purposes of the Agreement.

You are solely responsible for all costs in connection with providing your goods and services to your customers through your website and shall comply with any standards Stripe or Elavon require of your website.

You will only provide the goods or services expressly requested by the Cardholder. You are responsible for the timely and accurate delivery of the correct quantity and quality of goods or services to the address provided by the Cardholder, as well for pricing and any guarantee. You are responsible for notifying the Cardholder in respect of confirmation of the order and delivery of the goods or services.
You cannot perform transactions using POS EQUIPMENT or other capture methods which are not authorized by Stripe or Elavon and failure to comply with this obligation will make you liable to a non-compensatory fine in the amount of fifty thousand Brazilian Reais (R$50,000.00).

You agree to provide proof to Stripe and Elavon, when requested, of the legal formalization of the transaction and upon any challenge by Cardholder of a transaction, of a copy of all support documentation regarding the challenged transaction.

You will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of governments having jurisdiction in connection with your use of the Service.

## <a id="section_c"></a> Section C: Processing Card Transactions and Receiving Your Funds

### 1. Processing Card Transactions

You agree that you will honour all eligible cards presented for payment by your customers for your goods and services in accordance with the Card Network Rules, this Agreement and any operating guides that Stripe or Elavon may provide you from time to time. You agree that you will obtain an authorization from the Card Network(s) for each card transaction, as required under the Network Rules, and will not submit a card transaction for settlement where there is a negative authorization or the card is otherwise expired. You acknowledge that the existence of an affirmative authorization from the Card Networks does not mean that a particular card transaction will not be subject to Chargeback, Reversal or Claim (each such term as defined in Section D(6) below) at a later date.

When performing a transaction, you agree that you will comply with the procedures, standards and obligations required in the Agreement, that Stripe and Elavon cannot be held responsible for transactions concluded in violation of this Agreement and that we may refuse to process transactions concluded in violation of this Agreement. Stripe and Elavon shall not be responsible for any losses borne by you, including lost profits or revenue, due to transactions concluded in violation of this Agreement not being processed. Elavon and Stripe cannot be held liable to you for the veracity of information provided by Cardholders when performing transactions.

You will not impose any fee or surcharge on a customer that seeks to use an eligible payment card. You will provide a receipt to the customer at the conclusion of the purchase transaction that includes all information required under Card Network Rules and applicable law.

You will submit all card transactions for processing no later than three (3) days from the date of authorization. You will maintain appropriate records of all card transactions for a period of at least five (5) years from the date of the transaction.
You will display all Card Network marks in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Card Networks, and will use such marks only to indicate that you accept their cards for payment.

### 2. Payouts and Transaction History

We will assign commercial credit to you and direct funds to be paid that have settled from the Card Networks to your specified bank settlement account in the amounts actually received (less our Fees and certain other amounts as defined below) for card transactions submitted to our Service. The payouts will be made to the bank account (“Bank Account”) you provide for in your Stripe account. The Bank Account must be an account located at a bank in Brazil and held in your business name. You are responsible for the accuracy and correctness of information regarding your Bank Account. Funds for any given transaction will not be transferred to your Bank Account until the transaction is deemed complete. Transactions will be deemed complete when we have received funds settling from the Card Networks and when we, Elavon or our processing financial institutions have accepted such funds. The actual timing of the transfers to your Bank Account of the settling funds will be subject to the Payout Schedule as defined below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that all credits for funds provided to you are provisional and subject to reversal including without limitation if there are adjustments for inaccuracies and errors (including rejects) and Chargebacks, Reversals or Claims in accordance with this Agreement and the Card Network payment rules, whether or not a transaction is charged back by the issuer of the Card or the Cardholder. Accordingly, you authorize us to initiate reversal or adjustment (debit or credit) entries to the Bank Account and to initiate or suspend such entries in accordance with this Agreement as may be necessary to grant or reverse provisional credit for any transaction.
After each payout of card settlement funds to your Bank Account, we will update information in your Stripe dashboard to reflect settlement. Information regarding your card transactions processed and settled with the Services (“Transaction History”) will be available to you when you login to our website using your Stripe account credentials. We provide a minimum of one year of Transaction History on our website. Except as required by law, you are solely responsible for compiling and retaining permanent records of all transactions and other data associated with your Transaction History and your use of the Service.

### 3. Payout Schedule

Payout schedule refers to the time it takes for us to initiate a transfer to your Bank Account of settlement funds arising from card transactions processed through the Service (“Payout Schedule”). Once your Bank Account information has been reviewed, Stripe will initiate transfer of settlement funds (net of Fees, Chargebacks, Reversals, Claims and other funds owed to us for any reason) in accordance with the Payout Schedule, the terms of which will be made available to you when you login to our website using your Stripe credentials, and in accordance with the Card Network rules. The settlement funds should normally be credited to your Bank Account within 1-2 business days of us initiating the payout. We are not responsible for any action taken by the institution holding your Bank Account that may result in some or all of the funds not being credited to your Bank Account or not being made available to you in your Bank Account. You can contact Stripe to inquire about changing the timing of your Payout Schedule. Upon submitting a request, you will be informed of the process and requirements for Stripe to review your Payout Schedule.

Stripe and Elavon reserve the right to change the Payout Schedule or suspend payouts to your Bank Account should Stripe or Elavon determine it is necessary due to pending disputes, excessive or anticipated excessive Chargebacks or refunds, or other suspicious activity associated with your use of the Service or if required by law or court order.

### 4. Reconciliations and Errors

Your Transaction History will be available to you when you login to your Stripe account on our website. Except as required by law, you are solely responsible for reconciling your Transaction History with your actual card payment transactions. You agree to notify us of any discrepancies arising from such reconciliation and verification. We will investigate any reported discrepancies and attempt to rectify any errors that you or we discover. In the event you are owed money as a result of the discrepancy, we will transfer funds to your Bank Account in the next scheduled payout. Your failure to notify us of an error or discrepancy in your Transaction History within sixty (60) days of when it first appears on your Transaction History will be deemed a waiver of any right to amounts owed to you in connection with any such error or discrepancy in processing your card payments.

If you submit or cause us to process transactions erroneously, you agree to contact us immediately. We will investigate any reported errors and attempt to rectify any errors that you or we discover by crediting or debiting your Bank Account as appropriate. Stripe will only correct transactions that you process incorrectly if and when you notify us of such an error. Your failure to notify us of such a processing error within thirty (30) days of when it first appears on your Transaction History will be deemed a waiver of any right to amounts owed to you.

### 5. Refunds and Returns

By accepting these Terms of Service, you agree to submit any and all refunds and adjustments for returns of your products and services through the Stripe Service to the Cardholder’s Card in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and Card Network Rules. Card Network Rules require that you will (a) maintain a fair return, cancellation or adjustment policy; (b) disclose your return or cancellation policy to customers at the time of purchase; (c) not give cash refunds to a customer in connection with a Card sale, unless as required by law; and (d) not accept cash or any other item of value for preparing a Card sale refund.

Full refunds must be for the exact amount in Brazilian Reais of the original transaction including any taxes, handling charges, and other. The refund amount may not exceed the original sale amount except by an amount equal to any reimbursements to customer for postage costs incurred for product returns. Refunds processed though the Stripe Service must be submitted within sixty (60) days of the original transaction but in all cases, within three (3) days of approving the Cardholder refund.

For processed refunds, Stripe will deduct the refund amount (including any applicable Fees) from (e) settlement funds owed to you from processing of other card transactions; or (f) funds in any Reserve Account (as defined below). If these funds are not sufficient, you authorize Stripe to initiate a debit entry to your Bank Account in the amount necessary to complete the refund transaction to the Cardholder’s card. In the event Stripe cannot access your Bank Account by means of a debit entry, you agree to pay all funds owed to Stripe upon demand. You are solely responsible for accepting and processing returns of your products and services; Stripe has no responsibility or obligation for processing such returns.

### 6. Chargebacks

A Chargeback (defined below in Section D(6)) is typically caused when a customer disputes a charge that appears on their statement. A Chargeback may result in the reversal of a transaction, with the amount charged back to you. You can be assessed Chargebacks for: (a) customer disputes; (b) unauthorized or improperly authorized transactions; (b) transactions that do not comply with Card Network Rules or the terms of this Agreement or are allegedly unlawful or suspicious; or (c) any reversals for any reason by the Card Network, Elavon, or the Cardholder’s card issuing financial institution.

When a Chargeback is issued, you are immediately liable to Stripe for the full amount of payment of the Chargeback plus any associated Fees, fines, expenses or penalties (including those assessed by the Card Networks or Elavon). You agree that Stripe may recover these amounts by debiting your Bank Account associated with your Stripe account, debiting your Reserve Account, or setting off any amounts owed to you by us. If we are unable to recover funds related to a Chargeback for which you are liable, you will pay us the full amount of the Chargeback immediately upon demand. You agree to pay all costs and expenses, including without limitation legal fees and other legal expenses, incurred by or on behalf of us in connection with the collection of any unpaid Chargebacks unpaid by you.

Further, if we reasonably believe that a Chargeback is likely with respect to any transaction, we may withhold the amount of the potential Chargeback from payments otherwise due to you under this Agreement until such time that: (d) a Chargeback is assessed due to a customer’s complaint, in which case we will retain the funds; (e) the period of time under applicable law or regulation by which the customer may dispute that the transaction has expired; or (f) we determine that a Chargeback on the transaction will not occur.

### 7. Contesting your Chargebacks

You or Stripe may elect to contest Chargebacks assessed to your Bank Account. Stripe may provide you with assistance including notifications and software to help contest your Chargebacks. We do not assume any liability for our role or assistance in contesting Chargebacks.

You agree to provide us with the necessary information, in a timely manner and at your expense, to investigate or help resolve any Chargeback. You also grant us permission to share records or other information required with the Cardholder, the Cardholder’s financial institution, Elavon and your financial institution to help resolve any disputes, and you will hold us harmless as to any liability related thereto. You acknowledge that your failure to provide us with complete and accurate information in a timely manner may result in an irreversible Chargeback being assessed.

If the Cardholder’s issuing financial institution or the Card Network does not resolve a dispute in your favor, we may recover the Chargeback amount and any associated fees from you as described in this Agreement.

We reserve the right, upon notice to you, to charge a fee for mediating or investigating Chargeback disputes.

### 8. Excessive Chargebacks

At any point, Stripe, Elavon, or the Card Networks may determine that you are incurring excessive Chargebacks. Excessive Chargebacks may result in additional fees, penalties, or fines. Excessive Chargebacks may also result in additional controls and restrictions to your use of the Service, including without limitation: (a) changes to the terms of your Reserve Account; (b) increases to your applicable Fees; (c) delays in your Payout Schedule; or (d) possible suspension or termination of your Stripe account and the Service. The Card Networks may also place additional controls or restrictions as part of their own monitoring programs for merchants with excessive Chargebacks.

### 9. Stripe Fees

You agree to pay the Fees (“Fees”) assessed by us to you for providing the payment services described in this Agreement. These fees will be calculated pursuant to the Fee Schedule linked to and incorporated into this Agreement by reference. We reserve the right to revise our Fees at any time, provided that, with respect to increases in or the introduction of new Fees related to credit card and debit card transactions such increase in or new Fees will be subject to a ninety (90) day notice period to you. For greater certainty, notification is not required for fee changes made in accordance with predeterminations, if any, set out in the Fee Schedule. You are also obligated to pay all taxes and other charges imposed by any governmental authority, on the services provided under this Agreement.

You acknowledge that you are responsible for any penalties or fines imposed on Stripe or Elavon or directly on you by any Card Network, financial institution or regulatory body as a result of your activities.

You acknowledge that you are also responsible for any legitimate expenses that Stripe or Elavon incurs in relation to any of your responsibilities or liabilities in the Agreement including, without limitation, court orders, stop payment orders, pledges and foreclosures.

You hereby agree that we may charge any Fees or other payments you owe us through bank slips (boletos bancários).

### 10. Our Collection Rights

To the extent permitted by law, we may collect any obligations you owe us under this Agreement by deducting the corresponding amounts from the Reserve Account or from funds payable to you arising from the settlement of card transactions, as provided in Article 368 et seq. of the Brazilian Civil Code. Fees will be assessed at the time a transaction is processed and will be first deducted from the funds received for such transactions. If the settlement amounts or Reserve Account are not sufficient to meet your obligations to us, we may charge or debit the Bank Account or credit card registered in your Stripe account for any amounts owed to us. Your failure to fully pay amounts that you owe us on demand will be a material breach of this Agreement. You will be liable for our costs associated with collection in addition to the amount owed, including without limitation legal fees and expenses, costs of any arbitration or court proceeding, collection agency fees, and any applicable interest.

Additionally, we may require a personal guarantee from a principal of a business for funds owed under this Agreement. If we require a personal guarantee we will specifically inform you.

### 11. Reserves

Funds held in reserves are amounts of money set aside by Stripe in an account maintained by it to cover Chargebacks, refunds, or other payment obligations under this Agreement (a “Reserve Account”). Stripe, in its sole discretion, will set the terms of the Reserve Account and notify you of such terms, which may require that a certain amount (including the full amount) of the funds received for card transactions we process for you is held for a period of time or that additional amounts are held in Reserve Account. Stripe, in its sole discretion, may elect to change the terms of the Reserve Account at any time for any reason based on your payment processing history or as requested by Elavon.

Stripe may fund the Reserve Account by means of: (a) any funds payouts made or due to you for card transactions submitted to the Service; (b) amounts available in your Bank Account by means of a debit to that Bank Account; (c) other sources of funds associated with your Stripe account; or (d) requesting that you provide funds to Stripe for deposit to the Reserve Account. You agree you are not entitled to any interest or other compensation associated with the funds held in the Reserve Account, that you have no right to direct that account, that you have no legal interest in those funds or that account and that you may not assign any interest in those funds or that account.

### 12. Security Interest

As a condition of providing you, or continuing to provide you, the Stripe Services, Stripe reserves the right to require you to enter into a separate security agreement granting Stripe and the Designated Bank a security interest in all funds on deposit in the Reserve Account.  You will cooperate reasonably with Stripe in the execution, delivery and performance of such a security agreement, and you hereby agree that Stripe will have the right to register any such security agreement with the register of deeds or other applicable governmental bodies.

### 13. Débito Automático

You authorize us and our respective vendors and agents to initiate debit and credit entries to the Bank Account for an indeterminate period of time in accordance with this Agreement. You undertake to perform any and all necessary actions to inform your bank about such authorization, and to give effect to the terms and conditions of this Section, as provided under Brazilian law. You hereby waive the right to receive advance notice from us and our vendors and agents of any and all such debits. This authorization will remain in effect after termination of this Agreement and until all of your obligations to us have been paid in full. If you change the Bank Account, this authorization for débito automático will apply to the new account and you shall provide us in writing such information regarding the new account as we deem necessary. Such new account shall thereafter be and become the “Bank Account” for the purpose of this Agreement. It may take us up to ten (10) business days after receipt of a written notice from you to reflect in our system any change to the Bank Account. If you change the Bank Account, you agree that you are responsible for all costs incurred by us in connection with your decision to change the Bank Account. You may revoke this authorization for débito automático at any time, but any such revocation shall give us the right to terminate this Agreement. You may obtain further information on your right to cancel the authorization for débito automático by contacting your financial institution.

##<a id="section_d"></a> Section D: Assignment Of Rights

If you process transactions that exceed thresholds set by the Card Networks, members of the payment methods market, Elavon or applicable law in force for at least twelve (12) months, you will have a direct relationship with Elavon. In accordance with this Section, you will assign certain of your rights under the Agreement to Stripe, which will provide services regarding the capture and routing of transactions and the collection of receivable funds, following the relevant procedure defined by Elavon.

In accordance with this Section, and respecting all of the terms of the Agreement, Stripe will act on your behalf in respect of Elavon, to:

(a) Negotiate prices, operating conditions, service levels and other conditions necessary for enabling the acceptance of payment transactions with cards through Elavon’s system;
(b) Provide certain data and information required for enabling the affiliation, risk and credit assessment, supply of capture solutions and maintenance of your account;
(c) Request the enabling or disabling of your account for the processing of transactions through Elavon’s system;
(d) Conduct the certification, operation and monitoring of capture solutions to enable the integration of such solutions with Elavon’s system;
(e) Request delivery and/or enabling of capture solutions;
(f) Concentrate and route payment transactions with cards for Elavon’s system through the network and infrastructure, systems, platforms and capture solutions owned or managed by Stripe;
(g) Receive, address and answer challenges and transaction disputes raised by Elavon, Card Issuers and/or the Card Networks;
(h) Request, if desired, an advance on receivables due to you;
(i) Receive the net amounts due to you as a result of transactions with cards carried out through Elavon’s system and pass on the amounts due to you in the agreed form and deadline;
(j) Access, treat, address questions and pass on the data contained in the transaction and the payment reports that support the financial reconciliation of your account;
(k) Address and intermediate the resolution of disputes and challenges related to operational, technical, transactional and/or payment issues raised by you in relation to Elavon or by Elavon in relation to you;
(l) Coordinate solutions and necessary adjustments to support and serve your account.

In accordance with this Section, and respecting all applicable law, you assign and transfer to Stripe all the rights and liabilities listed above such that Stripe acts on your behalf in respect of Elavon.

Pursuant to the assignment of rights hereby agreed, you, Stripe and Elavon recognize that all of your rights and prerogatives regarding the receipt of credits and other liabilities listed above shall be exercised exclusively by Stripe, regardless of any other term or condition. You expressly authorize Elavon to pay the credits directly to Stripe and to comply with all guidelines given by Stripe, in accordance with the terms of this assignment, and with no further claims against Elavon regarding such payments.

You expressly authorize Elavon to disclose to Stripe details of all transactions performed by you, including information regarding returns, cancelling and chargebacks.

You expressly recognize that the settlement funds passed on to Stripe will be settled to you based on net values of card transactions, with any and all taxes, fees, rates, charges, chargebacks, indemnities, adjustments, deductions, rebates and other amounts due to Elavon and/or to third parties deducted, and excluding the irregular transactions canceled, contested or subject to any form of non-payment, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Stripe shall be solely and exclusively responsible for receiving and passing on to you the settlement funds due under this Agreement within the terms and form agreed upon by the parties. You exempt Elavon from any liability regarding payment of settlement funds to you under this Agreement and acknowledge Stripe as solely responsible for the settlement of funds to you.

If any provision of this section is considered invalid, illegal or unenforceable by any competent court, such provision shall be deemed modified so that it becomes valid, legal and effective to the maximum extent permitted by law. The other provisions of this section shall not be affected, remaining in full force and effect.

You cannot use receivables that you are due to receive under the Stripe Services as collateral for any credit limit, loan or other credit-related financial transaction, without the explicit approval of Stripe. You cannot lock your banking domicile, nor consent to having your banking domicile locked by your bank, under the Sistema de Controle de Garatias (SCG) system without the explicit approval of Stripe.
Information regarding any such amendment of the banking domicile shall be notified to Elavon by the financial institution itself or by an independent entity which  centralizes such information. In the event the members of the payment methods market come to implement a new model for amendment of banking domiciles, you hereby agree that Elavon will be entitled to send all the necessary information to the independent entity responsible for centralizing such information.

If your bank locks your banking domicile or an account withhold is placed on your bank account, Elavon will deposit funds at whatever banking domicile is reported to Elavon and/or Stripe by the SCG. You acknowledge and agree that under this section, if you have a locked banking domicile, the funds will be deposited directly by Elavon, deducting only Elavon's fees. However, you also agree that Stripe reserves the right to collect the Stripe Fees on these transactions as Stripe sees fit.
The parties recognize that if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, the Card Networks or regulators regulate the business model which is the object of this agreement, all efforts will be made to meet the requirements and rules imposed.

##<a id="section_e"></a> Section E: Termination and Other General Legal Terms

### 1. Term

The Agreement is effective upon the date you agree to it (by electronically indicating acceptance) and continues so long as you use the Service or until terminated by Stripe.

### 2. Termination

You may terminate this Agreement by closing your Stripe account at any time by following the instructions on our website in your Account Profile. We may terminate this Agreement and close your Stripe account at any time for any reason effective upon providing you notice in accordance with Section A(15) above. We may suspend your access to the Service and any funds otherwise pending disbursement to you, or terminate this Agreement, (a) if we determine in our sole discretion that you are ineligible for the Service because of the risk associated with your use of Stripe, including without limitation significant credit or fraud risk, or for any other reason; (b) if you do not comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement; (c) upon request of Card Network, Elavon or the card issuer; (d) due to events of force majeure or acts of God, as provided in Article 393 of the Brazilian Civil Code; or (e) in any other events set forth in this Agreement.

Regardless of any penalties provided for in the Agreement, your failure to comply with any conditions of this Agreement will be deemed just cause for immediate termination of the Agreement at the discretion of Stripe and Elavon, and you will be liable to indemnify Stripe and Elavon for any resulting losses, penalties, fines, damages or other remedies incurred by or imposed on Stripe and Elavon, including any fines or penalties imposed on Stripe or Elavon by the Card Networks

### 3. Effects of Termination

Upon termination and closing of your Stripe account, we will immediately discontinue your access to the Service. You agree to complete all pending transactions, immediately remove all logos for Cards, and stop accepting new transactions through the Service. You will not be refunded the remainder of any fees that you have paid for the Service if your access to or use of the Service is terminated or suspended. Any funds in our custody will be paid out to you subject to the terms of your payout schedule.

Termination does not relieve you of your obligations as defined in this Agreement (including, without limitation, indemnification obligations) and Stripe may elect to continue to hold any funds deemed necessary pending resolution of any other terms or obligations defined in this Agreement, including but not limited to Chargebacks, Fees, refunds, or other investigations or proceedings.

Upon termination you agree: (a) to immediately cease your use of the Service; (b) discontinue use of any Stripe trademarks and to immediately remove any Stripe references and logos from your Site or other trademarks; (c) to continue to be bound by this Agreement, as set forth in Section D(17) below; (d) that the license granted under this Agreement shall end; (e) that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to delete all of your information and account data stored on our servers; and (f) Stripe and Elavon will not be liable to you for compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with your use of the Service, or any termination or suspension of the Service or deletion of your information or account data.

At any time within thirty (30) days after terminating your Stripe account you may request in writing that we transfer Card Data associated with your Transaction History to an alternative PCI-DSS Level 1 certified payment processor that you identify to us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete such transfer within ten (10) business days from receipt of your written request.

### 4. Your Authorization

Stripe grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable authorization, without the right to assign, to electronically access and use the Service solely to accept and receive payments and to withdraw the funds you so receive. The Service includes our website, any software, programs, documentation, tools, internet-based services, components, and any updates (including software maintenance, service information, help content, bug fixes or maintenance releases) thereto provided to you by Stripe. You will be entitled to download updates to the Service, subject to any additional terms made known to you at that time, when Stripe makes these updates available.

We may also periodically make available certain Stripe logos, trademarks or other identifiers for your use. If we do so, you will use them subject to and in accordance with Stripe’s then current trademark usage guidelines.

### 5. Ownership

The Service is granted and not sold. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement. The Service is protected by copyright, trade secret and other intellectual or industrial property laws. We own the title, copyright and other worldwide Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in the Service and all copies of the Service. This Agreement does not grant you any rights to our trademarks or service marks.

For the purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual or industrial property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any province, state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.

You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Stripe under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Stripe does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Stripe, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

### 6. Your Liability

You are responsible for all Reversals, Chargebacks, Claims, fines, fees, penalties and other liability arising out of or relating to your breach of Card Network Rules and this Agreement, and/or your use of the Service. You agree to reimburse your customer, Stripe, Elavon and any third party specified by Stripe or Elavon (each, a “Disclaiming Entity”) for any and all such liability. “Chargeback” means a request that a buyer customer files directly with his or her card company or card issuing financial institution to invalidate a processed payment. “Claim” means a challenge to a payment that you or a buyer customer files directly with Stripe. “Reversal” means Stripe reverses the settlement of funds from a processed card transaction that you received because (a) the card transaction is invalidated by the card issuer; (b) the settlement funds were sent to you in error by (i) Stripe; (ii) Elavon, processors, suppliers or licensors of Stripe; or (iii) any of the respective affiliates, agents, directors and employees of any of the entities listed in (i) or (ii) above; (c) the sender of the payment did not have authorization to send the payment (for example: the buyer used a card that did not belong to the buyer); (d) you received the payment for activities that violated this Agreement or any Card Network Rules; or (e) Stripe decided a Claim against you.

You hereby acknowledge that transactions performed where a card is not present are, in all situations, at your sole risk and you are fully liable for any disputes, cancellations, penalties, losses and damages related to such transactions, even if you have complied with all your obligations under this Agreement.

Stripe, as an agent acting on behalf of Elavon, will have the final decision-making authority with respect to Claims, including without limitation claims for refunds for purchased items that are filed with Stripe by you or your customers. You will be required to reimburse Stripe for your liability. Your liability will include the full purchase price of the item plus the original shipping cost (and in some cases you may not receive the item back). You will not receive a refund of any fees paid to Stripe due to any canceled transactions.

Without limiting the foregoing, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Stripe, Elavon and each of our respective officers, employees and agents (collectively “Disclaiming Entities”) from and against any claim, suit, demand, loss, liability, damage, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to (f) your breach of any provision of this Agreement; (g) your use of the Service, including without limitation any Reversals, Chargebacks, Claims, fines, fees, penalties and attorneys fees; (h) your, or your officer’s, employee’s, agent’s or subcontractor’s, negligence or willful misconduct; (i) third party indemnity obligations Stripe or Elavon incur as a direct or indirect result of your acts or omissions (including indemnification of any Card Network or Issuer); and/or (j) any kind of indemnification Stripe or Elavon are obliged to pay related to your consumer claims. You are solely responsible to resolve directly with your customers any claim about characteristics, quality, quantity, properties, origin, price, functioning, warranties, defects of the products you sell or the services you render to your customers. Elavon, Stripe, the Card Networks and the Card Issuer shall be exempt from any liability that may arise in this regard, including under the Consumer Protection Code, and shall be indemnified in the event of any imputation of responsibility or liability.
You acknowledge and agree that Stripe and Elavon’s responsibility is limited to the performance of their obligations as described in the Agreement. Any obligations or encumbrances arising directly or indirectly from any administrative or legal proceedings derived from breach of any obligation, either principal or accessory, by you and promoted by any federal or local authority shall be fully borne by you.
You shall reimburse Stripe and/or Elavon for any damages suffered as a result of fines and/or penalties imposed by the Card Networks, Card Issuers or any governmental authorities due to your failure to comply with their rules and requirements. Stripe and/or Elavon shall not be jointly or vicariously liable for your non-compliance with any obligation that is attributable to you and you will be solely responsible for the consequences derived from any non-compliance with your obligations.

If you are liable for any amounts owed to Stripe, Stripe may immediately remove such amounts from your Reserve Account and deduct the amounts owed to Stripe from such Reserve Account funds. If you do not have sufficient funds in the Reserve Account to cover your liability, you will be required to immediately add additional funds to your Reserve Account to cover funds owed to Stripe. If you do not do so, Stripe may engage in collections efforts to recover such amounts from you at your cost and expense.

### 7. Representation and Warranties

You represent and warrant to Stripe and Elavon that: (a) you are eligible to register and use the Service and have the full right, capacity, power, and ability to enter into and perform under this Agreement on behalf of the company you represent; (b) all information provided by you to Stripe and/or Elavon is true and accurate; (c) any sales transaction submitted by you will represent a bona fide sale by you; (d) any sales transactions submitted by you will accurately describe the goods and/or services sold and delivered to a purchaser; (e) you will fulfill all of your obligations to each customer for which you submit a transaction and will resolve any consumer dispute or complaint directly with the purchaser; (f) you and all transactions initiated by you will comply with all federal, state, and municipal laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business, including any applicable tax laws and regulations; (g) except in the ordinary course of business, no sales transaction submitted by you through the Service will represent a sale to any principal, partner, proprietor, or owner of your entity; and (h) you will not use the Service, directly or indirectly, for any fraudulent undertaking or in any manner so as to interfere with the use of the Service.

### 8. No Warranties

The Service and all accompanying documentation are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without any warranties, either express, implied, or statutory, including without limitation any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Use of the Service is at your own risk.

No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from or through the Service or from (a) Stripe; (b) Elavon, processors, suppliers or licensors of Stripe; or (c) any of the Disclaiming Entities, will create any warranty. You specifically acknowledge that the Disclaiming Entities have no control over the products or services that are paid for with the Service, and neither Stripe nor any of the other Disclaiming Entities can ensure that your customer will complete a transaction or is authorized to do so.

Without limiting the foregoing, the Disclaiming Entities do not warrant (d) that the information they provide or that is provided through the Service is accurate, reliable or correct; (e) that the Service will meet your requirements; (f) that the Service will be available at any particular time or location; (g) that the Service will function in an uninterrupted manner or be secure; (h) that any defects or errors will be corrected; or (i) that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any subject matter downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your property or loss of data that results from such download. The Disclaiming Entities make no representations or warranties about how long will be needed to complete the processing of a transaction.

The Disclaiming Entities do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service or any hyperlinked website or service, or featured in any banner or other advertising, and neither Stripe nor any other Disclaiming Entity will be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.

### 9. Limitation of Liability and Damages

In no event shall a Disclaiming Entity (as defined in Section 6 above) be liable for any lost profits or revenue, loss of data, or any direct or indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages arising out of, in connection with or relating to this Agreement or the Services, including without limitation the use of, inability to use, or unavailability of the Service. Under no circumstances will any of the Disclaiming Entities be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the Service or your Stripe account or the information contained therein.

The Disclaiming Entities assume no liability or responsibility for (a) any personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to or use of the Service; (b) any unauthorized access to or use of servers used in connection with the Service and/or any and all personal information stored therein; (c) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (d) any software bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or other harmful code that may be transmitted to or through the Service; (e) any errors, inaccuracies or omissions in any content or information, for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of any content or information, in each case posted, emailed, stored, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Service; and/or (f) user content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party.

Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, the Disclaiming Entities’ cumulative liability to you shall be limited to direct damages and in all events shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees paid by you to Stripe during the three (3) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for liability.

This limitation of liability Section applies regardless of the legal theory on which the claim is based, including without limitation contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or any other basis. The limitations apply even if Stripe has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

The provisions of this Section 9 shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

### 10. Disputes; Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue

You agree that any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Service shall be resolved in accordance with this Section E(10).

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Brazil. Accordingly, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, Brazil for the purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement. You and we each represents to the other that this waiver is knowingly, willingly and voluntarily given.

Headings are included for convenience only, and shall not be considered in interpreting this Agreement. The Agreement does not limit any rights that we may have under trade secret, copyright, patent or other laws. Our failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.

### 11. Right to Amend

Considering that this Agreement is executed for an indeterminate period, and that it is the intention of the parties that it remains in full force and effect for a long period, you acknowledge that Stripe and Elavon have the right to change or add to the terms of this Agreement at any time, and to change, delete, discontinue, or create conditions on any feature or aspect of the Service or software with notice that Stripe and Elavon, each in our sole discretion, deem to be reasonable in the circumstances, including such notice on [Stripe’s website](http://www.stripe.com.br) or any other website maintained or owned by Stripe for the purposes of providing services in terms of this Agreement, provided that such website has been informed to you. Any use of the Service or software after our publication of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as modified.

### 12. Assignment

This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without our prior written consent, but may be assigned by us without your consent or any other restriction.

### 13. Change of Business

You agree to give us at least thirty (30) days’ prior notification of your intent to change your current product or services types, your trade name or the manner in which you accept payment. You will immediately notify us of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding, petition, judicial or extrajudicial recovery, insolvency, or similar action or proceeding initiated by or against you or any of your principals. You also agree to promptly notify us of any adverse change in your financial condition, any planned or anticipated liquidation or substantial change in the basic nature of your business, any transfer or sale of 25% or more of your total assets or any change in the control or ownership of you or your parent entity. You will also notify us of any judgment, writ, warrant of attachment, execution or levy against 25% or more of your total assets not later than three days after you obtain knowledge of it.

### 14. Parties

This Agreement binds you and your respective heirs, representatives, and permitted and approved successors (including those by merger and acquisition or other corporate transactions) or any permitted assigns.

### 15. Third Party Services and Links to Other Web Sites

You may be offered services, products and promotions provided by third parties and not by us. If you decide to use these services, you will be responsible for reviewing and understanding the terms and conditions associated with these services. You agree that we are not responsible for the performance of these services. The Stripe website may contain links to third party websites as a convenience to you. The inclusion of any website link does imply an approval, endorsement, recommendation by us. You agree that you access any such website at your own risk, and that the site is not governed by the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. We expressly disclaim any liability for these websites. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.

### 16. Entire Agreement

This Agreement supersedes any and all oral or written agreements, arrangements, communications or representations heretofore made by the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any other Stripe agreement or policy, this Agreement shall prevail on the subject matter of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement (or portion thereof) is held to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then it shall be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement has been reviewed by you with the benefit of independent legal counsel to the extent you consider necessary. The rights conferred upon us in this Agreement are not intended to be exclusive of each other or of any other rights and remedies we may have at law or in equity. Rather, each and every right we may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity is cumulative and concurrent and in addition to every other right.

### 17. Survival

In addition to any provision that is reasonably necessary to accomplish or enforce the purpose of this Agreement, the following Sections of this Agreement survive and remain in effect in accordance with their terms upon the termination of this Agreement: Sections A(3) – “Authorization for Handling of Funds”, A(8) – “Data Security”, A(11) – “Privacy of Others”, C(4) – “Reconciliations and Errors”, C(5) - “Refunds and Returns”, C(6) - “Chargebacks”, C(9) – “Stripe Fees”, C(10) – “Our Collection Rights”, C(11) – “Reserves”, C(13) – “Débito Automático”, D(3) – “Effects of Termination”, D(5) – “Ownership”, D(6) – “Your Liability”, D(8) – “No Warranties”, D(9) – “Limitation of Liability and Damages”, D(10) – “Disputes; Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue”, D(16) – “Entire Agreement” and D(17) – “Survival”.

##<a id="section_f"></a> Section F: Installing Applications on your Stripe Account

These terms only apply to you if you authorize another application to connect to your Stripe account.

By authorizing another application to link to your Stripe account, you agree to be bound by these Stripe Connect User Terms as well as the Stripe Terms of Service. You specifically agree as follows:

### 1. Application Permissions

By authorizing an application to link to your Stripe account (a “Partner Application”) you are authorizing Stripe to permit the Partner Application to (a) access your Stripe account data; (b) create charges and customers in your Stripe account; and (c) deduct amounts (for example, fees and charges) from the amount that would otherwise be payable to you from transactions occurring in connection with the Partner Application (“Partner Fees”). Any Partner Fees will be in addition to Stripe’s own fees and charges.

### 2. Duration

Once you have authorized a Partner Application it will continue to have access to your Stripe account and be authorized as described in these Stripe Connect User Terms until you specifically withdraw your authorization by changing the settings in your Stripe account dashboard.

##<a id="section_g"></a> Section G: General Provisions

You expressly acknowledge and agree that any pledge, assignment or transfer of ownership, negotiations involving any instrument of credit, or offering as security for loans of credits arising from transactions will be ineffective, null and void, producing no result in respect of Elavon, except in the case of prior written agreement by Elavon granted directly to you or to a bank institution that represents it.  Elavon may, in that case, charge the current fees for the service.

You agree that the magnetic, digital or telephonic recordings of negotiations involving any product, any particular negotiation or any term, clause or condition of the Agreement may be used as evidence, including in court, by either Party.

The parties shall not be held liable for any failures, interruptions or delays on fulfilling their obligations due to unforeseeable circumstances or force majeure, which exclude the responsibility under Article 393 of the Brazilian Civil Code, including, among others, acts of government, limitations imposed by the government, interruption of services under license, authorization, permission or concessions (electricity supply and telephone services, performance of telecommunications service operators interconnected to your network, among others), natural disasters, strikes, civil disturbance and other similar events.

Each of the parties shall bear their own respective tax and labor law obligations in accordance with applicable legislation.

The parties, on their behalf and on behalf of their successors under any title, agree that all terms, conditions, mandates and compromises undertaken herein are irrevocable.

The rights and obligations assumed herein cannot be assigned and/or transferred to third parties, totally or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party.

The nullity or invalidity of any provision of the Agreement will not imply the nullity or invalidity of the other provisions, which must remain valid, producing their full legal effects.

Any tolerance, forbearance, partial enforcement or concession between the parties shall always be considered mere liberality, and shall not imply on waiver or loss of any right, faculty, privilege, prerogative or powers granted (including of mandate), nor shall imply on novation, amendment, lenience, change or reduction of the rights and obligations derived herefrom.

</section>
